what are you doing here in Somerville
anyway honestly my mom won't say it but
we're completely broke any on this thing
that's left in our name this is creepy
old farmhouse my grandfather left us in
the middle of an hour
why'd you bring me up here entertainment
value what is that
[Music]
somehow a town that isn't anywhere near
a tectonic plate that has no fall lines
no fracking no loud music even is
shaking on a daily basis
I remember that one summer we died under
a table I found this in my living room
[Music]
chiller replica a replica of what a
ghost trap there hasn't been a ghost
sighting in 30 years New York in the
eighties it's like The Walking Dead your
dad never mentioned this to you it's
just my mom my grandfather died my mom
says we're just here to pick through the
Rob loves life
[Music]
who are you
call it a
[Music]
call it lock
call it karma
[Music]
that everything happens for a reason
come on darling
it has a Connor seat
[Music]
what is storytelling storytelling
started with our indigenous people can
anyone give me an example of a myth or a
story they're afraid of Lucas yesterday
we found a part of a man in the woods
today part of a man I guess the other
half was found in the mine all this has
got to be an animal right
[Music]
no animal that I've ever seen something
is going on with a kiss
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine this is what was in the mind it's a
diabolical spirit this is a myth for you
yeah
now collegiate always a gamble
he's not your responsibility
he has no he is my responsibility
[Music]
he's here
Mondays am i right Joe you said it guy
don't have a good day have a great day
hey bud you ever think that there's got
to be more more than what stuff we do
day after day being shot at run over
taken hostage today's gonna be different
hi this isn't you you don't do this man
[Music]
he's just resting
please if that man is dead
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow
[Music]
is this what recreational drugs feel
like guy this world it's a video game
and it's full of bad guys I'm a rule
breaker I'm a rheticus Laker we need you
to be good good guy
[Music]
giddyup
is that a Glock in your pocket know what
it's two clocks
[Music]
I'm not gonna be the good guy I'm gonna
be the great guy okay
well enjoy your lifetime supply of
virginity there you go what does we need
to move so Anita it means little dream
that's it no story alright everybody sit
down sit up it's a story of a block that
was disappearing and invite you old
Washington Heights
the streets were made of music reports
of Fame are greatly exaggerated these
blocks you can't walk two steps without
bumping into someone's big plan no
skills
I was saving upon my pennies in my piggy
bank this day this is gonna be an
emotional roller coaster the odds are
against you but there's a chance right a
[Music]
dream isn't some sparkly diamond
there's no shortcuts sometimes it's
rough talking about kicking out all the
dreamers to make some noise
we had to assert our dignity in small
ways just listen little details that
tell the world we are not invisible
ignore anyone who doubts you
[Music]
you
there's this trick that we all do to get
through our day
we take a box and into that box we place
all the horrors of the world we close
the box pretend it doesn't exist only
some of us we've lost our ability to
pretend
we're looking for a special operator
like you for a while who are you we do
the dirty work
others can't here's the fun part now on
you're dead it's all erased
no more criminal records no more getting
arrested just for being naked or just
usual stuff you know being naked getting
drunk casual stuff so we're all gonna
die we blend in to disappear watch me
this mine honestly I didn't think we'd
make it this far
[Music]
what's wrong Hey
we're all gonna die
may as well do it while we're alive
sounds fun right
[Music]
[Applause]
my life
it hasn't been what you probably think
it has we all have our struggles
have you ever been in love a long long
time ago you so many times
yeah all the time
[Music]
welcome to the future
life is good but it can be better why
shouldn't it be all you need is to what
think about finally having everything
you always wanted I can save today
[Applause]
I take I want to return
everyone must see
[Applause]
[Music]
we all need you
you know you need to do
[Music]
nothing good is born from lies
and greatness is not what you think
[Music]
Oh art ah that justice trashcan is just
a trash camp
yeah yeah
[Music]
good God Almighty you know they put
themselves in danger girls like that
[Music]
you think you'd mind my age right ladies
a lay down water use your lanes okay I
hate yourself what are you doing
hey I said what are you doing
[Music]
every week I go to a club I act like I'm
too drunk to stand and every week a nice
guy comes over to see if I'm okay okay
who are so pretty I'm a nice guy are you
so we have a connection
okay how old am i what are my hobbies
what's my name
sorry maybe that let's do hard Kassandra
we're in class together at forest you
would have been a great doctor what
happens i left under unusual
circumstances you remember what happened
right why I drop down I'm not the only
one didn't believe it we get accusations
like this all the time you need brains
they never did a girl any good I'm so
sorry I didn't go with her you gotta let
it go
what are you gonna do
[Music]
everything we were kids if I hear that
one more time I have to give him the
benefit of the doubt I was hoping you
trill they're friendly by now it's every
guy's worst nightmare getting accused
like that
can you guess what every woman's worst
nightmare is I wanted to be a doctor my
whole life
[Music]
lately I've been feeling like I might
want to get back into it
[Music]
No
I'm gonna need a little one-on-one time
with the boy what is it was people you
know it's like they're always wearing
masks I got one you got one
everybody's got a moon ass on
should I've gotten a Peter on our
neighborhood
but every now and then it slips a little
bit and you find out who they really are
yeah my butt update I woke up naked Hey
[Music]
if you get in trouble I am no help to
you you get your brains blown out I will
not shut a single tear
and I this money could cut Italy a
barnacle
the good news is if you do this thing
right you never have to do it again and
then you get anything you want you in or
out
i'm brian i haven't declared my major
yet i guess i'm bipolar in terms of my
interests I am Ben glass and unlike
Brian I'm actually literally bipolar on
a scale from one to a hundred what do
you think your liberal functioning is
one I'm bipolar ADHD you name it I've
got it
if you want to be ruling you get out my
car right now
do you think that college is the best
thing for you right now you need to be
more social I'm going to strip club
tonight
strip clubs are not the best place to
meet this I can't meet a girl in real
life I'm a model every Friday night you
can catch me doing body sushi so what do
you do when you're not starting fights
in public I was wrongfully kicked out of
school and making a movie to prove my
innocence I make movies too you should
get married I'm a scale of 1 to 100 but
I think your level of functioning is 100
it's a delusional plan to make a movie
about this I'm making the movie I'm
making the movie I'm making nah no don't
make a film I just happen to be a film
producer Hey every time I get into me as
a guy everything goes wrong I feel good
I just want somebody to take me
seriously where'd you guys meet outside
a strip club that sounds fun your sword
to make me feel brand
[Music]
this is what she does for a living you
see some guys with cash it really
doesn't matter to me thank you for
everything this what you really want you
have to choose and hunting them
[Music]
okay five things I like about Matthew oh
this is gonna be hard we're gonna be
here for a little bit
the first thing I like is how he
supports my autism an apple
I like how you're trying to overcome
your fear of dogs
[Music]
it's okay it's just do you want me to
beat you up and take your cake I said
growl he's our barking because they like
you
can you just get out of my way when I
walk I'm not in your way
[Music]
all right let's get to the boat smoke
they say you everybody isn't this
good or what Hey ladies
they're filming a documentary about me
this movie is like actually like about
us
[Music]
why are you laughing
hi I mean this place is amazing thank
you this is your room if you need
anything I'll be upstairs
thank you don't miss please call me Vera
emergency it's her brother Robert and
fifty thousand pounds in cash gone
missing the police are on their way I'll
find him
your brother is doing something for me
but it appears he has betrayed me
tomorrow I want you to take flight to
Amsterdam if you don't come back with a
brother in my property
hang the visit to your wife and kids
Rob its Steve I don't care what you've
done I just want to know that you're all
right
I work with the government brother was
helping us he's disappeared off the grid
completely lots of people disappeared
this city in fact they come here to
disappear
isn't it beautiful my father's wine from
the cellar that family is the most
powerful family in the city understand
well away from the house we were
wondering if at a room we could rent for
a few nights
this is your room have a lovely scene
father we might have a problem beware
even those who look innocent can be
dangerous we can choose anyone even on
the wrong path
sacrifices will be made hello
you didn't choose your opponent wisely
[Applause]
have a lovely stay
yo insulin Qunari it is the only bus
fare up maybe deep insula shame but such
as the bus everything we speak can be
whistled if the police hear the language
they will think the birds are singing
when Jana last movie
perfecto please Canaria you still mean
are you still misty I'm the boy only for
mother and father yahwah and drop them
the police is listening Cosmo Wanda
scintilla tracers Damien
[Music]
don't try to run away with the money
with my money
Angela what will happen to her
at the least a problem effort
Hey
city million dollars has gotta spin mini
patrol ship agility never jealous time
[Music]
imagine yourself in the middle of an
ocean don't know you will make it
well they study noodles
[Music]